feat(curriculum): add string method workshop (#66936)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-employee-profile-validator/6a71b3e49668c3be461257b5.md

---
id: 6a71b3e49668c3be461257b5
title: Step 8
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-8
---

# --description--

The `.title()` method capitalizes the first letter of each word. Here is an example:

```py
lowercase = 'hello world'
uppercase = lowercase.title()
print(uppercase)  # Output: Hello World
```

> Create a variable named `clean_name` and assign it the result of calling `title()` on `messy_name`.

Reviewer: Method names are written with the leading dot everywhere else, including this step's own first sentence and its hint below.

```suggestion
Create a variable named `clean_name` and assign it the result of calling `.title()` on `messy_name`.
```

# --hints--

You should create a variable named `clean_name`.

```js
({ test: () => assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).has_variable('clean_name')`)) })
```

> You should use `.title()` on `messy_name` to assign a value to `clean_name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use `.title()` on `messy_name` to assign `clean_name` a value.
```

---
id: 6a71b3e49668c3be461257b5
title: Step 8
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-8
---

# --description--

> The `.title()` method capitalises the first letter of each word. Here's an example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.title()` method capitalizes the first letter of each word. Here is an example:
```

```py
lowercase = 'hello world'
uppercase = lowercase.title()
print(uppercase)  # Output: Hello World
```

> You can chain both `.strip()` and `.title()` together this way to remove withitespaces and captitalize the first letter of each word in a string:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can chain `.strip()` and `.title()` to remove whitespace from both ends of a string and capitalize the first letter of each word:
```

```py
messy = '  hello world  '
clean = messy.strip().title()
print(clean)  # Output: Hello World
```

> Create a variable `clean_name` and assign it the calling of `.strip().title()` on `messy_name`. Then print `clean_name` to the console like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a variable named `clean_name` and assign it the result of calling `.strip().title()` on `messy_name`. Then print `clean_name` to the console like this:
```
